Clarify Attributes advisory parameter (#4048)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification: specification/metrics/api.md

Applies to all instrument types.

`Attributes` (a list of [attribute keys](../common/README.md#attribute)) is

> the set of allowed attribute keys that may be used on the resulting metrics.

Reviewer: First - `MAY` is normative and should be capitalized when used.

Second - I'm not sure this improves the understanding of what will happen here.

It is is true that this set of attribute keys MAY be used by the SDK, and only attributes found in this set will "pass" through if this set *is* used.   However "allowed" implied that we'd *erase* measurements that contain other attribute keys, which isn't true.   

In the SDK portion of this, we [explicitly state that other *attribtutes* are ignored](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/blob/main/specification/metrics/sdk.md#stream-configuration) when using the term "allow list".

I'd suggest we use very similar terminology to the SDK here:

```
 This is an allow-list of attribute keys for measurements captured in the metric stream that MAY be used. When used, the allow-list contains attribute keys that identify the attributes that MUST be kept, and all other attributes MUST be ignored.
```

Possibly we could link to the SDK here, since I'm not sure we've introduced the term "metric stream" yet.

Author: Yep that makes sense. I applied the suggestion in [9672d5b](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/pull/4048/commits/9672d5b386aa340d9d09cdfa06f34842ab0deda3) and linked the same [data model subsection](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/blob/main/specification/metrics/data-model.md#events--data-stream--timeseries) as the SDK does when it introduces the concept of a metrics stream.

Applies to all instrument types.

> `Attributes` (a list of [attribute keys](../common/README.md#attribute)) is an
> allow-list of attribute keys for measurements captured in the [metric stream](../metrics/data-model.md#events--data-stream--timeseries)
> that MAY be used. When used, the allow-list contains attribute keys that
> identify the attributes that MUST be kept, and all other attributes MUST be
> ignored.

Reviewer 2: (this is tricky, also not sure MUST is correct since it's just "advice")
```suggestion
`Attributes` (a list of [attribute keys](../common/README.md#attribute)) is
the recommended set of attribute keys to be retained in the resulting metrics.
```
